Chris on Twitch- write-up (#981)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-182.md

---

## [Ember development on Twitch.tv 📺](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate/)
  
[Chris Manson @mansona](https://github.com/mansona) has started to stream Ember development on Twitch. In engaging [Twitch streams](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate/videos) Chris shows how he does maintenance and development in the Ember ecosystem. Every stream has a nice table of contents and time boxed periods where Chris works on a certain topic. 

> [Every Thursday at 11:30 - 13 GMT +2](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate/schedule)  you can join Chris on an adventure through contributing in Open Source, chat with other Ember enthousiasts and get **inspired** to contribute yourself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Every Thursday at 11:30 - 13:00 (GMT+2)](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate/schedule), you can join Chris on an adventure through contributing in Open Source, chat with other Ember enthusiasts and get **inspired** to contribute yourself.
```

---

## [Ember development on Twitch.tv 📺](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate/)
  

> [Chris Manson @mansona](https://github.com/mansona) has started to stream Ember development on Twitch. In engaging [Twitch streams](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate/videos) Chris shows how he does maintenance and development in the Ember ecosystem. Every stream has a nice table of contents and time boxed periods where Chris works on a certain topic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Chris Manson @mansona](https://github.com/mansona) has started to stream Ember development on Twitch. In engaging [Twitch streams](https://www.twitch.tv/real_ate/videos) Chris shows how he does maintenance and development in the Ember ecosystem. Every stream has a nice table of contents and time boxed periods where Chris works on a certain topic.
```
